Let's make our reddit eval.
So essentially all the hard work is done
because I already made this run eval
function.
We just have to call it with some data and
our task.
So let's do that.
So I'm gonna go to our code
I'm gonna go into evals here.
And where did I put this?
This is, it's on the root, okay.
Stop going there, thank you.
So here I'm gonna say reddit and typically
I like to do a dot eval extension.
And yet you actually will have to do that.
If you want the script that I built to
run it for you, you have to do dot eval.
So if you don't do that,
you cell phone get ran.
>> Scott Moss: And really, all we wanna
do here again is just call this run eval
with our experiment, name our task,
our data, and our scores.
So let's do that.
So I'm gonna say,
runEval that's gonna import that
I'm gonna give an experiment name.
I typically just give it
the same name as the file.
You can call it whatever you want.
It's gonna take an object here.
The first thing is gonna be the task.
The task is an async function that always
takes in the input as its argument.
So that's really all you need,
it's an input.
So what am I gonna do with this?
I'm gonna call our,
I have an LLM a runLLM function here.
It does exactly what it sounds like.
It runs an LLM given an input.
So that thing takes in a messages like
this so you can pass in some new messages.
We just wanna make a new message
here that is role of user,
and the content is gonna
be whatever the input is.
>> Scott Moss: So run this LLM with
this new message, essentially.
>> Scott Moss: The other thing is we need
to pass the actual tool definition to
this LLM.
So how could it call, if we're testing
whether or not it were able, it was able
to call the reddit tool, we have to
tell the LLM that it has a reddit tool.
So we want to be able to do that.
So the way we can do that is we can
pass in a tools array here like this.
And it's always gonna be an array.
And I already have
the reddit tool definition.
You can import that from
source tools reddit,
so I'm gonna pass that in
here to the tools array.
So we have our task.
The next thing is, we need our data,
so I'm just gonna put one in here.
So remember, the data is an object
with the input and then the expected.
So I'm gonna make it an object here.
I'm gonna say the input.
I'm gonna write a user input that I think
should trigger the reddit tool to be
called.
So I'm gonna say,
find me something interesting on reddit.
I mean, I'm literally mentioning
the name reddit here.
So I would hope that it would
go look at reddit, right?
So that's the input.
What do I expect to get back?
Okay, so the way the expect,
the way the expectation works,
the value of your expected has to match
the shape of whatever this returns.
So runLLM, if we go look at it,
it returns a message.
So it returns an object.
So our expected value should also return
an object, because we need it to match
whatever the task returns,
cuz that's what it's checking against.
If they aren't the same format,
it can't check against them, right?
So whatever your tax returns, whatever
the shape of that, if it's a string,
then you're expected as a string.
If it's an object,
then you're expected as an object.
In our case, it's a message.
So which is an object with a roll
tool calls content whatever whatever.
So we need to make sure
that we do that as well.
So the expected.
In this case, I expect to give
back a message of role assistant
that has a tool call array and
a function whose name is reddit.
I expect to see that because I asked for
reddit here, so
I expect the AI to call
a tool with reddit.
So I have a helper function here
called create tool call message,
that'll just do that for us.
So I'm gonna use that, actually,
I'll, I'll just write it out.
So create tool call message,
and what does it do?
Yeah, it just takes in the tool name, so,
>> Scott Moss: Which is a string,
and it's just gonna return that shape
of the object that I talked about.
So role assistant, tool calls,
type function, function, name,
tool name, right?
So nothing crazy, so let's do that.
It's gonna turn the message,
role assistant, there we go.
Tool calls, there's an array of objects.
Inside of this object,
there is a function that has
a name that is whatever
the tool name you passed in.
And I think there, yeah, I need type
function, there we go, type function.
So now we have that function.
Now, when I go down to expected,
I can just say, yeah,
create a tool call message with
the reddit definition.name.
So that's our one input.
For every one data object you have
in here, this will be called one,
one time, right?
So if I have 30 in here,
this will be called 30 times.
I'll have 30 runs for this one experiment.
And the score is the average of
amongst all those runs, right?
So we're just gonna put one,
we're not going to get crazy.
But as you can imagine,
if these were real user ones,
you're gonna find out real quick how good
your system is or how good it isn't.
And then you'll be able to find those.
You can take it to the next level like,
okay, all the ones that got a zero.
Find me the common words across all those
user inputs so I can get a word cloud.
And then now, I know what words I need to
add to my prompts and my instructions so
it can catch them next time, right?
You just got to get really creative
with it, it's like some detective stuff.
Okay, so now that we have our data,
the next thing we want
to do is our scores.
So we can go down here, and
we can say scorers, and
we're going to import our tool called
match score here, so let's do that.
Import tool called match scores.
Bring that down here.
Wait, why is this thing freaking out?
I forgot a comma, there we go.
>> Scott Moss: So now you should
have a file that looks like this.
RunEval reddit,
>> Scott Moss: Task
is this input, we have this user here.
What the input is the content we're
gonna check to make sure that the AI
has access to this reddit tool.
The data we want to test is find me
something interesting on reddit.
We expect it to return a message that
has a ToolCall to the same name, and
we're gonna check it
against a ToolCall score.
So now let's run this, and
hopefully this doesn't burn.
[LAUGH] So to run this, you can do npm
run eval, and then the name of that file.
So in this case, the name of my file
is reddit, should be able to run ads.
And what did it say?
Did I misspell my file, maybe reddit?
You know what, you have to put it in
an experiments folder, that's why.
Sorry about that.
Make sure you put these experiments in an
experiments folder, then it'll catch it.
I forgot I did that.
Okay, so
now that it's in the experiments folder,
>> Scott Moss: I believe it'll work now.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, and there it is.
So our previous score was 1, our current
score is 1, the difference is 0.
It's saying that because I
already have some scores in here.
So what you can do is if you
go to the root of your repo,
there's a results.json there.
I have tons of stuff in here.
I'm just gonna clear this out,
okay, hold on.
I'm gonna clear this out, and
I'm just gonna put an empty
experiments array in here like this.
So that way, mine is clear.
That way, there's no comparison,
it should always just be this first
one should just be the first one.
Yours will look different than
mine cuz you didn't have any, so
I'm gonna run that again.
And yours probably looks something like
this, where it said, experiment reddit,
previous score is 0, current score is 1,
the difference is +1.
Yours might look something like this.